ci: update build and deployment workflows (#208)
DARPA-ASKEM/TERArium: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Stand up the TERArium services by running the `deploy-terarium.sh up` script from within the
   [Orchestration](https://github.com/DARPA-ASKEM/orchestration) repository
2. To stop a pod from running in kubernetes so that you can run locally to debug, run the following commands from the
   orchestration repo's `kubernetes/local` directory. Replace `[NAME]` with the name of the service you would like to
   stop (e.g. `hmi-client` or `hmi-server`).

- `kubectl delete -f [NAME]-deployment.yaml -f [NAME]-service.yaml`

3. Start a service locally to replace the services you shut down

- Start up the Backend Quarkus server using `./gradlew quarkusDev` or `quarkus dev` command

> - Start the front end by doing `yarn install` followed by `yarn && yarn dev`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start the front end by doing `yarn && yarn dev` (shortcut for `yarn install && yarn workspaces him-client dev`)
```

Reviewer 2: fixed
